feat(helm): Make all container images configurable in `values.yaml` (resolves #2047). (#2305)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-docs/guides-k8s-deployment.md

    pullPolicy: "Never"  # Use "Never" for local images, "IfNotPresent" for remote
    tag: "latest"

  # Override third-party container images (useful for private registries or AWS Marketplace ECR).

>   # All images are configurable in values.yaml. See the chart's values.yaml for the full list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # See the chart's values.yaml for the full list of configurable images.
```

  database:
    mariadb:
      repository: "mariadb"
      tag: "10.11.16"
    mysql:
      repository: "mysql"
      tag: "8.0.46"
  redis:
    repository: "redis"
    tag: "7.4.8"
  queue:
    repository: "rabbitmq"

>     tag: "4.2.6"

Reviewer: can we mirror the flattened `values.yaml` shape here?

```suggestion
  mariadb:
    repository: "mariadb"
    tag: "10.11.16"
  mysql:
    repository: "mysql"
    tag: "8.0.46"
  queue:
    repository: "rabbitmq"
    tag: "4.2.6"
  redis:
    repository: "redis"
    tag: "7.4.8"
```

  resultsCache:
    repository: "mongo"
    tag: "8.0.21"
  kubectl:
    repository: "bitnami/kubectl"

>     digest: "sha256:98736aabcecb8d3cbcdcd7b132d14b1d67ed99bac2f06d471f06235933103df3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    digest: "sha256:98736aabcecb8d3cbcdcd7b132d14b1d67ed99bac2f06d471f06235933103df3"  # v1.36.0
```

>     digest: "sha256:98736aabcecb8d3cbcdcd7b132d14b1d67ed99bac2f06d471f06235933103df3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    digest: "sha256:98736aabcecb8d3cbcdcd7b132d14b1d67ed99bac2f06d471f06235933103df3"  # v1.36.0
```
